Clarify rules for diagnostic ID in `[Experimental]` attribute (#7597)
dotnet/csharplang: proposals/csharp-12.0/experimental-attribute.md

}
```

## Reported diagnostic

Although the diagnostic is technically a warning (so that the compiler allows suppressing it),
it is treated as an error for purpose of reporting. This causes the build to fail if the diagnostic
is not suppressed.  

The diagnostic is reported for any reference to a type or member that is either:
- marked with the attribute,
- in an assembly or module marked with the attribute,

except when the reference occurs within `[Experimental]` members (automatic suppression).

It is also possible to suppress the diagnostic by usual means, such as an explicit compiler option or `#pragma`.  
For example, if the API is marked with `[Experimental("DiagID")]` or `[Experimental("DiagID", UrlFormat = "https://example.org/{0}")]`, 
the diagnostic can be suppressed with `#pragma warning disable DiagID`.

The diagnostic ID given to the experimental attribute must be a [valid C# identifier](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/standard-v7/standard/lexical-structure.md#643-identifiers).  

> This means the diagnostic ID should be valid as a variable name in C#. 

Reviewer: Minor: Is there a reason to state the ID "should be valid as a variable name"? (That seems to indicate that the ID might be recognized as a variable name in some context.) If that's not needed, consider dropping this sentence.

Reviewer 2: Potentially could reword and retain the intent (ease of understanding)
```suggestion
This means the diagnostic ID needs to follow the same naming rules as a variable in C#. 
```
